1 - Build a funnel
Before we do anything else, the first thing we should do is specify the objective or goal of our study

Example:
Revising the structure of the homepage will increase the number of people that download the software and, ultimately, 
the number of people that purchase a license.

Now, we should think about the activities that a user will take on the site that are relevant to measuring our objective. 
This path or funnel will help us figure out how we will create experimental condition groups and which metrics we'll need 
to track to measure the experiment's effect. To help you construct the funnel, here's some information about the way the 
company's website is structured, and how the software induces users to purchase a license.

The company's website has five main sections:

the homepage;
a section with additional information, gallery, and examples;
a page for users to download the software;
a page for users to purchase a license; and
a support sub-site with documentation and FAQs for the software.
For the software itself, the website requires that users create an account in order to download the software program. 
The program is usable freely for seven days after download. When the trial period is hit, the program will bring up a 
dialog box that takes the user to the license page. After purchasing a license, the user will receive a unique code associated 
with their site account. This code can then be used with the program to register it with that user, and the program can be used 
thereafter without issue.

Using the information above, fill in your responses to the questions below regarding the construction of a user funnel

Expected Flow:
A straightforward flow might include the following steps:

Visit homepage
Visit download page
Sign up for an account
Download software
After 7-day trial, software takes user to license-purchase page
Purchase license

Atypical Events:
There are a few events in the expected flow that might not correspond with the visitors we want to target. For example, 
there might be users on the homepage who aren't new users. Users who already have a license might just be visiting the 
homepage as a way to access the support sub-site. A user who wants to buy a license might also come in to the license 
page through the homepage, rather than directly from the software.

When it comes to license purchasing, it's possible that users don't come back after exactly seven days. Some users might 
come back early and make their purchase during their trial period. Alternatively, a user might end up taking more than 
seven days to decide to make their purchase, coming back days after the end of the trial. Anticipating scenarios like this 
can be useful for planning the design, and coming up with metrics that come as close as possible to measuring desired effects.

2 - Deciding on Metrics

From our user funnel, we should consider two things: where and how we should split users into experiment groups, and what metrics 
we will use to track the success or failure of the experimental manipulation. The choice of unit of diversion (the point at which 
we divide observations into groups) may affect what metrics we can use, and whether the metrics we record should be considered invariant 
or evaluation metrics. To start, decide on a unit of diversion and brainstorm some ideas for metrics to capture.

To be clear, the overall plan is to test the effect of the new homepage using a true experiment; in particular, we'll be using an A/B 
testing framework. This means that prospective users should be split into two groups. The control, or 'A' group, will see the old homepage,
while the experimental, or 'B' group, will see the new homepage that emphasizes the 7-day trial.

Unit of Diversion
Three main categories of diversion were presented in the course: event-based diversion, cookie-based diversion, and account-based diversion.
An event-based diversion (like a pageview) can provide many observations to draw conclusions from, but doesn't quite hit the mark for this case.
 If the condition changes on each pageview, then a visitor might get a different experience on each homepage visit. Event-based diversion is 
much better when the changes aren't as easily visible to users, to avoid disruption of experience.

Brainstorm Potential Metrics

3 - Experiment Sizing

4 - Validity, Bias, and Ethics

5 - Analyze Data

6 - Analyze Data

7 - Draw Conclusions